cisco merakai c2c app doc (#2556)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/saas-cloud/cisco-meraki-c2c.md

| where event_type matches "{{event_type}}"
| where client_name matches "{{client_name}}"
| where severity matches "{{severity}}"
| count(event_type)
```

```sql title="Network Activity"
_sourceCategory=cm_con2006 networkId
| json "occurredAt", "networkId", "type", "description", "category", "clientId", "clientDescription", "clientMac", "deviceSerial", "deviceName", "ssidNumber", "eventData.radio", "eventData.vap", "eventData.client_mac", "eventData.client_ip", "eventData.channel", "eventData.rssi", "eventData.aid" as occurredAt, networkId, type, description, category, clientId, clientDescription, clientMac, deviceSerial, deviceName, ssidNumber, radio, vap, client_mac, client_ip, channel, rssi, aid nodrop
// filters
| where type matches "{{event_type}}"
| count_distinct(networkId)
```

```sql title="Total Activities"
_sourceCategory=cm_con2006 wiredMacs
| json "ssid", "channels", "firstSeen", "lastSeen", "wiredMacs", "wiredVlans", "wiredLastSeen","bssids[*].bssid","bssids[*].detectedBy[*].device","bssids[*].detectedBy[*].rssi" as ssid, channels, first_seen, last_seen, wired_macs, wired_vlans, wired_last_seen,bssids,devices,rssi_values nodrop
| count
```

## Set up collection

> To set up [Cloud to Cloud Integration Cisco Meraki Source](/docs/integrations/security-threat-detection/cisco-meraki/) for the Cisco Meraki - C2C app, follow the instructions provided. These instructions will guide you through the process of creating a source using the Cisco Meraki source category, which you will need to use when installing the app. By following these steps, you can ensure that your Cisco Meraki - C2C app is properly integrated and configured to collect and analyze your Cisco Meraki data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up data ingestion for the Cisco Meraki - C2C app, follow the instructions provided at [Cisco Meraki Source](/docs/integrations/security-threat-detection/cisco-meraki/). These instructions will guide you through the process of creating a source using the Cisco Meraki source category, which you will need to use when installing the app. By following these steps, you can ensure that your Cisco Meraki - C2C app is properly integrated and configured to collect and analyze your Cisco Meraki data.
```

- **Client and SSID Monitoring**. Monitor your client activity and their association with specific SSIDs. Identify your client's geographical distribution to assess potential risks associated with the specific locations and keep track of your client's behaviour and network usage for effective management.
- **Air Marshal Security Overview**. Provide wireless intrusion detection and prevention by monitoring security status and identifying potential vulnerabilities in the network.
- **Enhanced Security Measures**. Monitor blocked connections, file scans, and malicious files to ensure a secure network environment. Prioritize your security efforts by identifying top clients and destinations based on security events and take proactive steps to protect the network and mitigate potential threats.
- **Visualization and Reporting**. Provides visual representations of network data, making it easy for you to understand and interpret key metrics. Generate reports and share insights with your stakeholders to facilitate decision-making and drive network improvements.

## Log types

> This app uses [Cisco Meraki source](/docs/integrations/security-threat-detection/cisco-meraki/) to collect the data from Cisco Meraki.

Reviewer: This URL points to another app doc, not a source. Did you mean ... 

```suggestion
This app uses [Cisco Meraki source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/cisco-meraki-source) to collect the data from Cisco Meraki.
```

<img src={useBaseUrl('/img/integrations/security-threat-detection/ciscomeraki.png')} alt="ciscomeraki-logo" width="75"/>

> The Sumo Logic app for Cisco Meraki C2C provides real-time insights into the events and helps you to identify potential network events along with admin activities. This app can effectively manage and optimize your network performance, enhance security, and proactively respond to potential threats. The comprehensive insights and monitoring capabilities enable efficient network administration and contribute to a robust and secure network infrastructure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Sumo Logic app for Cisco Meraki provides real-time insights into the events and helps you to identify potential network events along with admin activities. This app can effectively manage and optimize your network performance, enhance security, and proactively respond to potential threats. The comprehensive insights and monitoring capabilities enable efficient network administration and contribute to a robust and secure network infrastructure.
```

Reviewer 2: We should link Cisco Meraki C2C here.

Author: @JainM6 The app name itself is Cisco Meraki C2C. I had a discussion with dev guys and they wanted the app name in this way just to differentiate this app from the existing Cisco Meraki (uses Syslog source) and this app uses Sumo Logic C2C source.

Reviewer: @JV0812 I had a follow-up question. Should it be `Cisco Meraki - C2C` or `Cisco Meraki C2C`. I see both formats in this doc.
